[docs][admission-policy-engine] Added a documentation page with Gatekeeper Custom Resources (#10341)
deckhouse/deckhouse: modules/015-admission-policy-engine/docs/GATEKEEPER-CR.md

---
title: "The admission-policy-engine module: Custom Resources (by Gatekeeper)"
---

> ## Mutation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Mutation Custom Resouces
```

> ## Mutation Custom Resouces

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Mutation Custom Resources
```

[Reference](https://open-policy-agent.github.io/gatekeeper/website/docs/mutation/#mutation-crds)

> Provides a gatekeeper based on configurable policies for modifying Kubernetes resources at the time they are requested.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provide a configurable set of policies for modifying Kubernetes resources at the time they are deployed.
```

> Provide a configurable set of policies for modifying Kubernetes resources at the time they are deployed.

Reviewer 2: Do we want to add some description about `reinvocationPolicy: IfNeeded` used by default in the Deckhouse with the link to the official documentation.

@z9r5

Reviewer 3: Agree. I've pushed the changes.
